it's a snoozefest that sounds boring
what did you say
we need to replay replay the tape
well it's the end of the first day here
of LCS in 2018 with covers presented by
Omni / I'm joined right now by sneaky
himself the meme stir the ADC I don't
even know what else to call you what do
you have other titles no either way so a
lot of it seems as though the start of
that match against CLG things we're
gonna start to maybe shift in their
direction then you guys start to come
back you know for you how did that game
go down it was pretty slow for my
perspective we were trading a little bit
by Lane but it's really hard to four
skills you know with in double targets
relic shield and then just two tanks in
the bot lane so like tarik Brom we tried
but it's really hard to pull out
advantages and you kind of have to do
like big team stuff so it was slow for
me and I saw like all the rooms they
were doing on a Eric table Chris Orr and
even went like no flash and went TP
ignite they try to kill him so I was you
know I guess surprised it all the
pressure they were doing at him is it me
or do I feel like a DC's are always like
a little bored or annoyed at the
beginning of these of an LCS like every
year
you mean just the season yeah yeah like
the beginning of the season like
everybody's just like all the agencies
are kind of like yep it's a snooze fest
or oh I hate all my 80 seats there's
always something for an ad carry to
complain about at the start of the year
you know I'm notice kind of something
like - like that - it's not least our
year for me though it seems like any
time there's an established meta people
are just like like this out of my face
like I saw a tweet earlier I think it's
from like PA he's like really shield
Medus of boring it's like aren't you
gonna say that - literally anything like
didn't you just say that you said that
like you were in a snoozefest in the
beginning boring I'm saying like it was
a snooze fest that sounds boring did you
say we need to replay replay the tape
you said something about however the
beginning of the game was boring for you
I said really slow start because like we
can't force skills out so it's just slow
because I need to ramp up in my damage
that's okay for you yeah it's okay ice
to go that's that's what ad carry's do
like they start building the credit when
they get 20% they really do
they get 30% don't do anything 50%
that's that's a pretty good percentage
you can play the gamble game the coin
flip is what you need okay
so right you're fine right now yeah I
mean I think it's just weird to like
complain about any sort of meta like
because it's just the game and like the
game will always get into an established
thing we're like there's just something
strong and then if you complain about it
I feel like you're only gonna hurt
yourself because then you just start
thinking the thing it's like really
boring or you don't like watching you
don't like playing it whereas if you
just try to think about it differently
where you just try to find the most
effective way to do things around that
meta then it's way more fun for you what
do you think of all this chatter and the
offseason about you know a lot of people
I think have been underestimated c9 or
end of rating them because of people say
like licorice who's like erased I've
never seen that guy before spin I like
that guy when he played for TSM now he's
on cloud what do you think of all the
sort of reaction to cloud 9 and
especially now that you've shown that
you guys can win at least one game in
the LCS you know what do you think yeah
I mean I guess there was like some
justified criticism for sure but it's
really hard to say like every team
change you know
TSM you're like oh wow they got a really
good battling now it's like well they
had a really good bowling before and so
like they're always gonna be changes
that'll be like side steps sometimes
they look backwards on paper but
honestly it's all really about likes
energy and like being able to work
together not having problems like if a
team gets supposedly the best players
but they just go into review and like
always just try their hardest to flame
each other like they won't want to play
and they'll just feel worse and worse so
I think it's more about synergy than
anything like as long as you have like a
baseline mechanical skill like that's
something you can work with for the team
so I'm proud of how it's going so far do
you have any thoughts on how high and
Limina ended up at this year yeah I mean
it's actually really weird cuz they keep
switching teams like you know I kind of
expected us to stay together c9 for the
longest times I mean we stayed together
for a while but yeah they kind of just
keep moving on I mean it's bound to
happen because you know they tried to
get back in the LCS with the c9 Academy
or whatever it was called tempest I
don't member the name so I guess it was
bound to happen where they were flying
around teens but it's so weird like
medias one team hi all I had one team
you know lemon another team like balls
his free agent too so I completely
forgot that meteos was was I don't know
why I've flipped my mind yeah I mean
it's you guys are all over the place now
yeah it's it's odd and you know I guess
impact just went to another one and
contracts as well on the same time as I
you know who you have now you have vault
boy right over there golden glue
how's it going really good now that I'm
here yeah like because it is it good
because you're here is that what you're
saying no it's just because I got to see
your face yeah sneaky I see his face
every day and I you guys you guys hang
out a lot too much
is it true too much no it's it's fine
weird the scrim room together yes do you
I mean do you guys become friends and
everything's cool yeah we um we've had
some interesting crypto talks - how's
your crypto going not so hot I know it's
we're holding right now we're holding
holding good good alright you can leave
now I'm done with you I don't yeah we're
done that's enough : boy all right so I
don't know what else to talk about
sneaky we got him we got got Flo Poe in
goggle and glue in your here do you feel
like you're gonna win this thing yeah
we're gonna win worlds you see Steve
sweet everyone their game is a slag yeah
first up TSM next up rules there's like
a picture of like a championship ring or
something I cringed I'm sorry I cringed
I think that's how the order of
operations works I don't think so you
know you're not qualified for worlds
about that they beat us up I guess not
what first spring you guys think you're
gonna be more of a spring team or a
summer team I hope a summer team I'd
rather work towards the summer than the
spring for sure
I mean Emma sighs all right and the
points are nice for sure but you know I
enjoy worlds the most it's nice so
anything you want to say to any of your
fans hello thanks for watching thank you
for watching and deed thanks for the
interview
forever also you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things LCS right
here on my youtube channel
Travis is forcing me to stand out here
in the cold and wind to tell you to
subscribe to his stuff and thanks to
Omni slash